README.md, before:

# GPNO

## What's all this then?

It's a hella quick and dirty powershell script to scrape DSC resources exported from group policy objects and convert them to a puppet friendly format. It leverages Microsoft's BaselineManagement script from the Powershell gallery and the GPOManagement module to backup GPO, export it to DSC, then write puppet resources based on that output. It's still very messy and I'd love some help spiffying it up.

## Usage

    > ./puppetizer.ps1 -GPO 'Default Domain Policy'

This converts the default domain policy to a list of puppet resources and opens it in VS Code. From there you can move it into a profile and check it into puppet.

![running the script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matthewrstone/gpno/master/img/quickvideo.gif)

## Contributing

Please!

## TO-DO

- Make it a Bolt task.
- Make a Bolt plan to do this on a DC and export the results locally.
- Capture warnings for resources that the Microsoft BaselineManagement module cannot convert.
- Find a way to convert those.

Commit message:

updated with ps and py tasks

README.md, after:

# GPNO

## What's all this then?

GPNO is an experimental set of Bolt tasks and plan to export Group Policy from domain controllers into DSC resources that can be utilized by Puppet. It requires Microsoft's BaselineManagement Powershell module to be installed on the domain controller.

## Usage

    > bolt plan run gpno::create_manifest --nodes winrm://dc01 policyname='Default Domain Policy'

This plan does the following:

- Connects to your domain controller.
- Backs up GPO to temp folder.
- Converts GPO to DSC resources.
- Exports as JSON to your localhost.
- Converts into Puppet resources using Powershell (Windows) or Python (other)

## Contributing

Please!

## TO-DO

- ~~Make it a Bolt task.~~
- Create prep task for installing BaselineManagement module.
- ~~Make a Bolt plan to do this on a DC and export the results locally.~~
- Capture warnings for resources that the Microsoft BaselineManagement module cannot convert.
- Find a way to convert those.
- Clean up the temp folder post-conversion
